
Myriads of years passed since man first set foot on the moon. Terrible wars raged, and great ecological problems arose. Much was destroyed, and the face of the Earth itself was changed. Finally, tired of the endless troubles, the people of the world united to build a durable era of cooperation, peace and prosperity. Technology developed as never before, and mankind traveled to the stars and spread throughout the galaxy. 

However, even this golden age of technology came to an end somehow. Contact with the other worlds outside the Earth was lost. The advanced technology and the great cities were abandoned, and mankind's numbers dwindled as they reverted to a more primitive lifestyle. Yet, when it looked like mankind was doomed to disappear, a mysterious event turned the tide yet again. The Great Tree sprang from the earth, bringing life and protection to all of mankind. It seeds spread throughout the continents, bringing forth the Twenty Lesser Trees.

The Numen, the power that flowed from these Trees gave mankind new, Mysterious Powers that allowed them to heal and recover themselves and the land. Still, there are those who would abuse this power for their own selfish goals...

In this distant future, where Eruta takes place, none of the religions, politics, countries, languages, etc of the year 20xx still exist in any recongnisable state. Eveything got garbled, mixed up, reinterpreted, lost poularity and was finally forgotten. The same ideas as now still exist, but in largely different embodyments.

The people were also thoughougly mixed up, there are no more real "races". People do have varying skin colors and hair colors. Fair hair colors have become more rare. As a result, extravagant hair dyes are in fashion in Eruta, for people to distinguish themselves more from others.

Even geography also changed a bit... due to human terraforming, earthquakes, volcanoes, meteoric disasters, etc.

The setting is rather hard SF: there is no time travel, no faster than light travel, and no teleportation of macroscopic objects. People did travel to other planets all over the galaxy, in large "generation ships" that take decennia, or even hundreds of years to reach their destination.

Still in the end, most of humanity decided to leave and find another planet to make their lives on. Human population on earth is low now, because if this, less than one billion. The population is artificially kept at the same level by the contraceptive action of the Husk if there is to much growth, and the artifical womb of female andoids when there is a severe decrease.

A Galactic Empire of Man was formed like this. However, since FTL travel is not possible, communication was hard. Finally the empire decayed and broke down when the Earth fell in the crisis that caused the 21 Trees to emerge. Now, the Earth is isolated again from other stars.

After the 21 Trees arose, the earth became a physical utopia. In essence it's a world where all of mankinds physical needs are taken care of by the Androids and the 21 Trees. And the Husk protects humans against each other's violence. People don't lack anything physically. The husk make s it very hard to physically harm another person, so war and violence are purely virtual.

In Eruta and all civilised places in the world under the 21 Trees, people are being pampered by their Andoids, who do all the work. If a tree is destroyed, then one of the other Trees produces a seed, and the missing tree grows back. The 20 Trees came forth from the first tree like this. The 21 trees form a system that is stable, and all prevailing, yet dedicated to the happiness of humanity. 

And the Husk protects humans against illness, and agression. And when there's a need, then the skilled can use the power of the Trees, Numen to set things right. Even food like meat grows from plants 365 years per day, so there's no economic need as well. As a result, most people just hang around their homes, playing with their androids or with VR simulations.

Androids are programmed to intensely desire and work for human happiness.  They are programmed to focus on physical means to achieve this first, since mental happiness is too personal to be programmable as a general rule. As a result though, their ethics seems somewhat strange. For example, they will lie if they calculate that the lie will make people happier than hearing the truth.

Of course, that is the situation in the cities and towns. Outside of them, it's a
brutal world and rough world. There are some distant Outskirts that are very terrible places. In such places, people who dislike the 21 Trees or the andoids eke out a living.

The first problem for people outside the cities are the Beasts. Due to ecological disasters and rapid evolution, most normal animals have deed out. Those who survived became agressive, fierce Beasts that roam the land.

The second problem Outside are the Mavericks. Mavericks are androids who lost their human-friendly programming in any of various ways. Some are neutral, some hate humans, some even like still humans but prefer to stay aloof.

The third problem is Omen. Omen is a corruption of Numen. Omen seeks out to destroy Numen weherever it can be found. Which means humans are a main target. Omen can manifest itself materially in monstrous forms. But more usually it infects and corrupts beasts, objects, Maverics. It can even animate dead bodies.

There are many, small countries, each with their own governments. However, most of these governments don't have much to do since the androids independently take care of everything. They have a police force or military to take care of what little human crime remains, to hunt down Mavericks, Beasts and Omen. Because of the Husk, and the plentiful economy, it's a world where there are no petty criminals. If you want to harm others, you really have to go out of your way to do so and become a supercriminal. For the rest the government basically help andoids with planning and making general descicions on what to do or build where, etc. 

The overarching guidance comes from the sytem of the 21 Trees, which is in essence a world governmet that is led by the Androids, mostly unbeknowns of people. The system of the 21 Trees, the numen, and the androids was designed to keep people happy, and it wil do that whether they like it or not. Open war is almost impossible because the androids would interpose between countries that would want to start a to fight.

The main idea is of this game a thought experiment. What if we have this future utopia, the best possible we could imagine through technology. How wil people live then? I think in such a case, the mind, the emotions... that's what people will be living for. So, it's not really a dark world, at least not on the surface. But of coursen there is much hidden mental and emotional suffering.

In total there will be 12 playable characters. Now I only have the basic idea for the two lead characters. First there is Berun, a rather arrogant History Scholar who was born and raised in Eruta (the country), who sets out to study the history of the famous ruins in his country. Second is Chelia, a seemingly cheerful Huntress who came from far away to Eruta to give a new direction to her life.

We need 10 more characters. There should be 4 more men, 4 more women, 1 more male android, and 1 more female android at least. Alexbond had the idea of Jackson, the eccentric Engineer who makes progress in arms development (and others).