Well here's my synthesis of the 12 main characters taking into regards all ideas, and renames.


Overview: for now, the main characters designed are Berun the Historician, Chelia the huntress, Alex the musician, Dion the martial arts champion, Mika the honorable swordswoman, Flynt the doctor, Gueniver the spy, Haley the Engineer, Inari the Chemist, Jens the Police officer, Kanzu the male construction android, and Lem, the female Helper android.

1) Berun is a male human of around 25 years old. His job is to study the history of mankind and of Eruta. He has a brownish skin, dark green eyes and very dark reddish hair. His favorite weapon is a two-handed staff. He's intelligent, but has a clear arrogant streak. He wants to find out more about the history of Eruta and discover the world outside the cities, the Outlands.

2) Chelia is a female human of around 25 years old. Her job is to hunt and eradicate Beasts, Maven and Omen wherever they form a threat or nuisance. She has a light skin, brown eyes, and naturally light hair color. Her favorite weapon is a sword. She's cheerful, but can be careless. She used to be a member of the Protectors, a hunter's organization, in her home country, but became a freelancer after she quit for some reason. She came to Eruta from across the globe to find out about more the Trees and to start a new life.

3) Alex is a male human of around 30 years old. His job is to compose music and songs, and travel around to perform them in the cities. He is 185cm tall. He has a very light skin color, blue eyes and jet black hair. He's a somewhat scrawny man who wears a grey grey uniform, he also has a grey cap, long legs, with a medium sized torso. He wears a brown Backpack, attached to it are all of his momentos, and a Bugle. He' a man with a string sense of honor, but tends to be introverted and a bit old fashioned. He is from the Southtown Outcity. His goals are to show that old style music is still worth of listening to, and to defend his own city.

4) Dion is a male human of around 20 years old. He is a cleric of Arbor. His job is to be of service and council to the people of the Cities and to be a missionary to those in the Outcities. Due to his travellling a lot, he found the need to defend himself. However, since Arbor clerics are discouraged from using blades or guns, he is well trained in the martial arts. He is 195 cm tall, rather handsome and well musculated. He has a few faint scars on his body from getting into a fight with a particularly nasty Beast. He is devoted and well-intentioned, but can be too headstrong at times. He came to Eruta since there are many Outcities here he wants to be a misssionary to, and also to make a pilgrimage to Eruta's Tree.

5) Mika (光歌, "bright song") is a female human of around 25 years old. She is a Knight of Arbor. It's her job to protect the Trees, the clerics and temples of Arbor. She is 150 cm tall. She has medium skin color, brown eyes and brown hair. She usually wears an armor with the symbol of Arbor, a stylized tree emblazed on it, and has her trusty energy blade at her side. If she isn't wearing a helmet, she usually has her long hair in a ponytail. She is fascinated by ancient history and traditions, but her knowledge is not always correct. She prides herself as a strict military woman who upholds the ancient traditions of the Arbor knights, but when "off duty" and out of her armor, her she acts far less serious. She likes to work hard, but also play hard. She is investigating several rumors that someone is planning to destroy the Tree of Eruta. She seeks to prevent this.

6) Flynt is a male human of around 35 years old. He is a doctor who heals and cures people. He is 1m75 tall, with a very dark skin and a rather slender constitution. He lived in the City but decided to go help the people in the Outlands, but was shocked by a particilarly nasty disaster he witnessed there. As a result, he is mentally troubled. Originally he has a gentle personality, but now he is suffering from bouts of anger and cynicism. His goal is to find some way to lessen the suffering of the people in the Outcities and to overcome his own problems somehow.

7) Playable Character. Gueniver (Guen) is a female human of around 30 years old. She has inherited a small fortune in chips from one of her parents who was a chip collector for the thrill of it. She prefers to hide her wealth from other people. She is a spy, who goes undercover to do work for various employees. She is a bit of a thrill seeker and prefers if everyone treats her like a normal person. She left her fortune at home, since it is sentimental to her and reminds her of her parent. She came to Eruta because she was offered a job by some contact there, and because she is looking for new thrills in her life.

8) Haley is a female human or around 20 years old. She is an inventor and always tries to make new armors, weapons, and parts for androids. She is a bit of a misunderstood genius, since she sees what she does more as an art than a science. Her inventions tend to be only of use to herself and hard to use to anyone else. While bright, she tends to think too deeply and get wrapped up in her own world. As a result it's sometimeshard for her to communicate and socialize. She came to Eruta to sour the ruins and Outcities to find new inspiration for her next invention.

9) Inari is a female human of around 20 years old. She is a chemist. She can make healing medications, and also knows how to use toxins to harass foes in battle. She is very feminine lady. Although seemingly shy, she is quite determined about her goals. She greww up in a rather remote City, nothing more than a small village on the end of one of the Roots of the Tree of Eruta. As a teenager, there she met a badly wounded man, also suffering from Corruption, who asked her to hide him. She did so and took care of him as best as she could as he told her tales of his adventures. While she could heal him, she was not able to cure his Corruption. When he eventually left, she felt abandoned and useless, feeling she hadn't helped enough with his injuries. Her goal is to become a great healer, so she will be able to reunite and work with her teenage crush as an equal. She didn't know that he is a dangerous villain and a murderer sought by the Eruta's police.

10) Jens is a male human of around 30 years old. He is a police officer. Although there is little crime, he stands up against those who would break the law, and especially against dangerous villains. He normally wears his blue police uniform. He is patriotic towards Eruta and to his home town, but also generally a very kind person. He gets into trouble with the bureaucracy from time to time because of this. His goals are to have his home Outcity of Northtown become a true City, and for Eruta to become an even better country.

11) Kanzu is a male android of around 350 years old. He is a construction worker for public works. He was damaged in an accident, and repaired, but he chooses to keep the "scars" from that accident visible to remind himself that he should be more careful and as a warning to humans who meet him. He tends to be rather emotional for an android. At first his goals are simply to finish constructing the new City he is working in, but when he meets Berun and Chelia, he calculates he will serve mankind better by helping them.

12) Playable Character. Lem is a female android of about 2450 years old. She was a Helper android who helped her master in his daily life. Her master passed away and now she is looking for a different occupation. She looks like a stunningly beautiful lady of 35 years old. Outwardly, she shows herself to humans as a helpful and cheerful energetic person. Inwardly, due to her great age she was around when the Trees sprouted. She is wise and knowledgeable, but feels that she must lie to humans at all costs and never tell them the truth, lest the become unhappy to hear it. That's why she lies about almost everything, even her age. Only those who are displeased by her lies are able to break though an see the truth. Although she has always the happiness of mankind in mind, she finally wants to find her own happiness as well somehow.


