OK I sort of like the idea of Lem and Kei, but I want to make it somewhat
more straightforward. The first Kei doesn't do much more than die so he's
sort of useless, so I'd drop him.  Looks like to tell Lem's story, we'll have to
tell Kei's story too. And that's around when the first Tree germinated.


In that time, 2450 years before the setting, mankind was dwindling. During the
thousands of years before that, the majority of mankind had left the earth in
generation vessels to colonize the galaxy.  Those who remained were forced to
deal with the harsh situation on earth, the wild climate and the
Beasts. Technology receded. When outlooks became grim, with a desperate effort,
the history scholars of Weran, the city of History which now still exists in
Eruta, researched and were able to recover a some technologies and
knowledge that had been lost for millenniums. 

One of these were the way to build Androids. Lem was one of the first androids
that was built according to ancient knowledge, in Weran. Since they scholars
followed the instructions without deeper insight, they didn't understand
everything about her functioning. Unlike the later androids, she is not
programmed specifically to make people happy but rather to serve her master.
Also, in those days, she could simulate but not experience emotions.

Another ancient knowledge recovered was the legend of the Tree. It was
said that the seed had been sleeping for over 10000 years in a secret
place, but if someone were to find it and plant it in the area that is now
Eruta, Earth would be turned into a paradise. Kei and his 6 friends heard
this legend and decided to set out and make it happen. In Weran, where they
came, to ask for details about the legend, they met the makers of Lem, and since
they believed in this legend as well, Lem was ordered to take Kei as her
master. 

Yet another technology recovered was that of the Husk. It was hard to replicate
at that time, and only a few select people could receive it. Kei and his
6 friends were given the Husk in Weran. All 8 of them set out on a great
journey ( prequel anyone?) and after many tribulations, they were able to
discover the seed and plant it. And from that tree, 20 seeds were produced that
they spread all over the world.  
