
Ature, Copyright 2009, beoran@rubyforge.org  
===========================================

Story
-----

Myriads of years passed since man first set foot on the moon. Terrible wars 
raged, and great ecological problems arose. Much was destroyed, and the face of 
the Earth itself was changed. Finally, tired of the endless troubles, the people
of the world united to build a durable era of cooperation, peace and prosperity. 
Technology developed as never before, and mankind travelled to the stars and 
spread throughout the galaxy. 

However, even this golden age of technology came to an end somehow. Contact with 
the other worlds was lost. The advanced technology and the great cities were 
abandoned, and mankind's numbers dwindles as they reverted to a more primitive 
lifestyle. 
 
Yet, when it looked like mankind would was doomed to disappear, a mysterous 
event turned the tide yet again. The Great Tree, sprang from the earth, 
bringing life and protection to all of mankind. It seeds spread thoughout 
the continents, bringing forth the Twenty Lesser Trees.

The Numen, the power that flowed from these trees gave mankind new, mysterious 
abilities that allowed them to heal and recover themselves and the land. Still, 
there are those who would abuse this power for their own selfish goals... 
That is why, everywhere a tree appeared, Protectors where assigned to keep 
the Trees safe. 

The year is 2600 after the Sprouting of the Tree. In the land the land of Ature, 
enclosed by impenetrable tall mountains, dense forests, and the sea, one of 
the Numen Trees had been guarded closely by the Gemma family. You are Signe, 
the youngest in the line of the Gemma. Your father, Dyon, trained you in the 
arts of swordfighting, and when you reached 20 years of age, you were handed 
down the Mystic Medaillion, sign that henceforth you would be the Protector 
of the Tree.
 
Ature was well separated from the outside world, and had been peaceful for the 
last millenium. You enjoyed life, together with your beloved, and it seemed like 
all that raining had been for naught. Little did you know that you would soon be
called to the task!

At the horizon, a black ship landed on shore, carrying queen Ikaza to Ature. 
She claimed to be on a mission of trade, and she seemed fair, so you did not 
have  any second thoughts, even though you felt some fear at the unusual looks 
of her servants.

The queen was welcomed with a great party that went on until late at night, 
in  which you and your beloved also participated, until, drowsy, you returned 
home. Alas! Little did you know it was all deception! During the feast, Ikaza's 
servants found out the location of the Numen Tree. As you were sleeping, she 
captured your beloved, went to the Tree, blocked it's access with a curse, 
and started to drain the Tree's powers. 

The results were disastrous. The curse on the Tree was so powerful, that the 
people and animals of Ature were turned to stone. Only you, protected by the 
Mysic Medallion were spared. Outraged at this, the Queen sent her servants, 
now revealed to be nothing more than foul monsters to hunt you down. 
 
Fortunately, there are some places in Ature where Ikaza and her dark servants 
cannot go, as they are protected by ancient blessings. However, the situation 
is dire, Signe! Your beloved, friends and family have been petrified! Who knows 
what more evil Ikaza will do with her new-found powers. You must find a way to 
reach Ikaza and defeat her! 

You have heard rumours of the three leaves of the Tree, well hidden, which 
together would allow to break any curse. It's also rumored that there is a 
Numen Shield and a Nume Armour that can protect you from that dark power.
Furthermore, you did not recieve any education in the use of Numen's Mysterious 
Powers. Perhaps you will find a Mystery Book along the way that teaches you 
how to use these powers. However, will all that be enough to defeat Ikaza? 
If only you had a weapon that could counter the power of the Numen tree...

How to Play
-----------

To move Signe around, press the joystick in that direction. To swing her sword,
press the joystick button. She can keep your sword sticking out by keeping the 
joystick button pressed. Signe will automatically retract your sword when you 
hit a monster. Sometimes, when you defeat a monster, it will drop an item. 
To pick up an item, walk over it. But don't let Signe touch any monsters, 
it will hurt her! 

On the bottom of the screen is your Life bar, in the left is your Numen bar. 
When your life Bar is depleted, Signe will pass away! Every time signe defeats 
a monster, she becomes a bit more experienced. If you keep on building 
experience like this, she will slowly become stronger. Sometimes, when 
she defeats an ennemy, her Life will be recovered by the Numen released 
from the ennemy.

Someties, you will find strange devices that change when you hit them. These 
are switches that open secret doors and reveal hidden pathways. If you can't 
seem to proceed, look for a switch. One switch can affect several places at 
the same time, so be sure to return to places you visited before after htting 
a switch.

To win the game, you mstd defeat Queen ikaza and save your beloved. However, 
the patch to Ikaza is blocked by a dark curse, that is immume to normal swords.
You must collect three Numen Leaves to gain the power to break the curse. Until that time, stay well away from it, it's touch is lethal!

Once you find the Numen Shield, you will be immume against enemy projectiles. 
The Numen Armour reduces damage by half. It is rumoured that there is a 
powerful Numen Sword that will double the damage you can do.

There are also romours of Numen books that teach you mysterious powers.
It is rumoured that tha Book of Life can fully recover you from the brink of 
death as long as you have Numen. Furthermore, there is the legendary Book of 
Striking... If you find it, you will need to switch the left difficulty switch 
to A to activate it's mysterious powers.

Good look, and keep your wits with you!




 







